Created session
session_size.txt created
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size.txt created
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
Created session
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
Error in scramble
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size.txt created
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
Created session
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
close complete
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
wrote to session
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
session_size read
wrote to session_size
session_size read
session_size read
session file read
scramble added
created new solve
switched session
switched current_type
session switched;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
scramble added
created new solve;
time saved
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
session_size read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
solve read
session file read
scramble added
switched current_type
initiated new session;
